README.md, before:

# CUEgenerator

A small utility which facilitates creating cue files from track lists.

# How to report bugs

Please create [a new issue](https://github.com/dVaffection/cuegenerator-react/issues) in this repository and leave as many details as possible.

# Documentation

## Track list highlights

- In case if a local performer is absent the global one is used, e.g.
  ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/457097/111331254-b81dff00-863e-11eb-9b80-cc7504f4d6fd.png)

- Performer and title track separators:
  - `' - '` — 45 (hyphen-minus)
  - `' – '` — 8211 (en dash)
  - `' ‒ '` — 8210 (figure dash)
  - `' — '` — 8212 (em dash)
  - `' ― '` — 8213 (horizontal bar)
- Timings recognition:
  - `[08:45] 03. 8 Ball` → `08:45`
  - `01.[18:02] Giuseppe` → `18:02`
  - `10:57 02. Space Manoeuvres` → `10:57`
  - `56:53 T.O.M'` → `56:53`
  - `1:02:28 Mossy` → `62:28`

## Regions list recognition

- Sony Sound Forge format `dd:dd:dd[.,]dd`
- Adobe Audition format `dd:dd:dd:dd`
- Audacity format `ddddd.dddddd`

# For developers

This is a React frontend to the [BFF](https://github.com/DmitryVarennikov/cuegenerator-server).

## How to deploy

GitHub Actions provide 2 workflows which deploy code to the Firebase Hosting

- on a pull request the branch in question is deployed to a temporary channel for a preview
- on push to the `main` branch if commit contains "(release):" string the code is deployed to the live channel

## How to release

Run `npm run release` and push a freshly produced commit (by `standard-version`) with relevant annotated tags `git push --follow-tags` to start a deployment

Commit message:

docs: Replace manual git push with explanation on what happens in the postrelease standard-version hook

README.md, after:

# CUEgenerator

A small utility which facilitates creating cue files from track lists.

# How to report bugs

Please create [a new issue](https://github.com/dVaffection/cuegenerator-react/issues) in this repository and leave as many details as possible.

# Documentation

## Track list highlights

- In case if a local performer is absent the global one is used, e.g.
  ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/457097/111331254-b81dff00-863e-11eb-9b80-cc7504f4d6fd.png)

- Performer and title track separators:
  - `' - '` — 45 (hyphen-minus)
  - `' – '` — 8211 (en dash)
  - `' ‒ '` — 8210 (figure dash)
  - `' — '` — 8212 (em dash)
  - `' ― '` — 8213 (horizontal bar)
- Timings recognition:
  - `[08:45] 03. 8 Ball` → `08:45`
  - `01.[18:02] Giuseppe` → `18:02`
  - `10:57 02. Space Manoeuvres` → `10:57`
  - `56:53 T.O.M'` → `56:53`
  - `1:02:28 Mossy` → `62:28`

## Regions list recognition

- Sony Sound Forge format `dd:dd:dd[.,]dd`
- Adobe Audition format `dd:dd:dd:dd`
- Audacity format `ddddd.dddddd`

# For developers

This is a React frontend to the [BFF](https://github.com/DmitryVarennikov/cuegenerator-server).

## How to deploy

GitHub Actions provide 2 workflows which deploy code to the Firebase Hosting

- on a pull request the branch in question is deployed to a temporary channel for a preview
- on push to the `main` branch if commit contains "(release):" string the code is deployed to the live channel

## How to release

To make a release run `npm run release`. That's it! `standard-version` will run the `postrelease` script in the `package.json` which will take care of the rest.
